{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21380\viewh11780\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Directions\
\
The Town of Sechelt, BC is looking for a new website for its tourism centre.  They would like you to build a proof of concept web site to showcase your web design/development skills.\
You will need to configure and install a news instance of Wordpress called \'91Sechelt Visitor Centre.\'92  You are allowed to use whatever plugins and theme you choose.\
\
They have the following requirements for their proof of concept:\
- design a website that would encourage people to come visit the town.  It has to have an \'91inviting\'92 look and feel.  Colours and fonts are up to your discretion, but you will be rewarded for a more appealing, inviting site.\
- use any of the images provided with this package any way you like.  Exceptions are:\
	- images for the news items - they are documented with the news item text.  They must be used with that particular news item as documented.\
- The site needs a set of posts for news items. These need to be associated with the Category \'91News\'92 and should be displayed on a \'91News\'92 posting web page\
- The site needs a set of posts for events.  These need to be associated with the Category \'91Events\'92 and should be displayed on an \'91Event\'92 posting web page.\
- The \'91Home\'92 page should not be a \'91post\'92 and should contain the text in the Home.rtf file. \
- The \'91History\'92 page should not be a \'91post\'92 and should contain the text in the History.rtf file.  It should also display the 3 historical photos of the town.\
- The \'91Our Town\'92 page should not be a \'91post\'92 and should contain the text in the \'92Our Town.rtf\'92 file.\
- The \'91Outdoor Activities\'92 page should not be a \'91post\'92 and should contain the text in the \'91OutDoor Activities.rtf\'92 file.\
- The \'91Visitor Centre\'92 page should not be a \'91post\'92 and should contain the text in the \'91Visitor Centre.rtf\'92 file.\
\
Have a menu on each page of the site that displays all the pages/posts created (Home, History, Our Town, Outdoor Activities, Visitor Centre, News, and Events)\
Have links and icons to social media.\
Create and implement a favicon for the site.\
Implement either a jQuery component or an Adobe Edge component in the site somewhere.\
\
}